Questions:

1. About the 2D grid map. Even though it said the size is unknown, but X/Y coordinates(integer) do have maximum number, robots may reach that max number eventually. 
So I am assuming the map has HorizontalSize and VerticalSize, the map is totally in "the first quadrant", the coordinate X range is 0 to HorizontalSize-1; coordinate Y range is 0 to VerticalSize-1;  no negative X/Y coordinates.

2. Assuming Robots can NOT move out of the map, but the facing direction can change.

3. When Robots move left/right, do they change facing direction to left/right?
I am assuming their facing direction will be changed.

4. About the Spinner obstacle, I am assuming it will spin clockwise.

5. To be easier, I use "Unknown"(0) as a type of Obstacle.

6. Because robots are born randomly, if a robot is born in a obstacle(not a Road), 
I am assuming the robot will not bo moved or ratated at the beginning.

7. If robot meets a Hole, and its connected location is a Hole/Spinner, will the robot be connected to a new location if the connected location a Hole again? will the robot change facing direction if the connected location is a Spinner? how about Rock and Unknown? 
I am assuming the robot will stay at the connected location and facing the same direction, it can avoid dead loop of Holes. 
In fact, we can design the Map as needed, so let's assuming the Hole's connected location is a "Road"(no obstacle).

8. If a Spinner is in the border(eg coordinate(0,5)) which rotate degree is 90, a robot go to this spinner and the facing is rotated to W(west),
   then the robot tries to go forward, but robot cannot go outside the map, it will stay at the same location(the spinner),
   if this happens, will the robot be rotated again?
   I am assuming the robot will NOT rotated again, the spinner will not affect until the robot leave this location.

9. For multiple robots scenario, the robots are moving "one by one" or "simultaneously"? 
   I am assuming they move "one by one", a robot cannot move if target location exists another robot.

10. For multiple robots scenario, I am assuming a robot cannot move to a location which is already occupied by another robot.
   Also assuming if target location is a hole and this hole's connected location has another robot, robot cannot move to this hole.
